The Day of the Moon
Hey, everyone, come and gather here.
What's up, the moon?
Nothing much, but...
I've just got 16 tickets from my housekeeper.
He said I should come before I go to work.
What?
I don't know.
Well, I can't call you that.
But I think you're the fastest in the world.
You think I'm the fastest?
You're so annoying.
I've got six tickets.
Six? That's half a year.
That's enough.
I'm the fastest in the world.
I can keep up even without food.
I'm 28 years old now.
Who? You?
I'm not 28, I'm 32.
32?
That's not good.
Look at me.
Have you been paying the bill?
For a year.
You're so annoying.
Take-chan, have you been paying the bill?
I've got three tickets.
Three? This year?
No, when?
When I moved here.
When did you move here?
18 years ago.
That's a long time ago.
Is it different from the day of the moon?
I think so.
I've got a new one.
Hey, Kumako, have you been paying the bill?
I haven't been paying the bill since I was a parent.
You've got a great one.
I haven't paid the bill, so I'm paying you.
You're so annoying.
I'll pay for the one my parents didn't pay.
I've decided to do my best for my parents.
You've got a boring idea.
Sen-chan, what about you?
Tanachin.
Tanachin?
What?
I've got a great idea.
I'm going to pay you.
Tanachin is your father's house.
I haven't paid the bill yet.
I'm not going to pay you.
I'm going to pay you.
Anyway, go and ask him.
You'd better apologize.
Is that so?
That's my way of saying it.
When you're in debt, you're a man.
When you're angry, you're a man.
Why are you so grumpy?
That's the reason.
Go and apologize.
I have to ask for a loan.
I'll ask for the loan.
I've got a really bad idea.
I'm going to ask him.
Hello.
I don't know how many people are going to ask for this.
Ask someone else.
I'll ask for the loan.
You're so fast.
You should have asked me first.
I'm sorry, but I'm talking about Tanachin.
Please wait.
No, no, you shouldn't be mistaken.
I didn't ask you for the loan.
I'm not the son of Tanachin.
I'm not going to ask for the loan.
I'm sorry.
What?
Tanachin is not satisfied with the loan.
It's like a fight.